README.md, before:

[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/kbvfckj64cv5jiq5/branch/master?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/k-takata/tclocklight/branch/master)

# TClock Light kt

This is a modified version of TClock Light.


## Binary packages

Binary packages and Japanese documents are available at the following URL:

* https://github.com/k-takata/TClockLight/releases
* http://k-takata.o.oo7.jp/

The lastest packages might be also available on [AppVeyor](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/k-takata/tclocklight).

1. Select the build from HISTORY (or select LATEST BUILD).
2. Select the job name "Environment: VC10"
3. Click ARTIFACTS, then download the package(s) you need.

BE CAREFUL! The packages on AppVeyor are NOT tested.


## New features

* Supports Windows Vista and later (x86/x64).
* Increases the precision of SNTP.
* Supports some new text formats.
* etc.

## Documents

The following documents are available. (all in Japanese)

* [readme-kt.txt](readme-kt.txt): Readme for the "kt" version
* [config-kt.txt](config-kt.txt): How to configure TClock Light kt
* [format-kt.txt](format-kt.txt): Format strings that can be used in TClock Light kt
* [readme.html](readme.html): The original readme by Kazubon

## License

You may distribute under the terms of the GNU General Public License.


## References

* TClock Light (The original version by Kazubon):  
  http://homepage1.nifty.com/kazubon/tclocklight/ (404)

Commit message:

doc: Add a link to TClock2ch fuzoku site

README.md, after:

[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/kbvfckj64cv5jiq5/branch/master?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/k-takata/tclocklight/branch/master)

# TClock Light kt

This is a modified version of TClock Light.


## Binary packages

Binary packages and Japanese documents are available at the following URL:

* https://github.com/k-takata/TClockLight/releases
* http://k-takata.o.oo7.jp/

The lastest packages might be also available on [AppVeyor](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/k-takata/tclocklight).

1. Select the build from HISTORY (or select LATEST BUILD).
2. Select the job name "Environment: VC10"
3. Click ARTIFACTS, then download the package(s) you need.

BE CAREFUL! The packages on AppVeyor are NOT tested.


## New features

* Supports Windows Vista and later (x86/x64).
* Increases the precision of SNTP.
* Supports some new text formats.
* etc.

## Documents

The following documents are available. (all in Japanese)

* [readme-kt.txt](readme-kt.txt): Readme for the "kt" version
* [config-kt.txt](config-kt.txt): How to configure TClock Light kt
* [format-kt.txt](format-kt.txt): Format strings that can be used in TClock Light kt
* [readme.html](readme.html): The original readme by Kazubon

## License

You may distribute under the terms of the GNU General Public License.


## References / Links

* TClock Light (The original version by Kazubon):  
  http://homepage1.nifty.com/kazubon/tclocklight/ (404)
* TClock2ch付属サイト (A useful site for TClock2ch and TClock Light):  
  http://tclock2ch.no.land.to/
